[CASB] CDS UI updates + AWS CDE (#18162)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/applications/casb/manage-findings.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Manage findings
sidebar:
  order: 1
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Manage security findings
---

import { TabItem, Tabs, Details } from "~/components";

> Findings are security issues detected within SaaS and cloud applications that involve users, data at rest, and other configuration settings. With Cloudflare CASB, you can review a comprehensive list of findings in Zero Trust and immediately start taking action on the issues found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Findings are security issues detected within SaaS and cloud applications that involve users, data at rest, and other configuration settings. With Cloudflare CASB, you can review a comprehensive list of findings in Zero Trust and immediately start taking action on the issues identified.
```

## Prerequisites

- You have [added](/cloudflare-one/applications/casb/#add-an-integration) a CASB integration.
- Your scan has surfaced at least one security finding.

## Posture findings

Posture findings include misconfigurations, unauthorized user activity, and other data security issues.

> To view details about the posture findings that CASB found:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view details about the posture findings that CASB has identified:
```

### Severity levels

Cloudflare CASB labels each finding with one of the following severity levels:

| Severity level | Urgency                                                                      |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Critical       | Suggests the finding is something your team should act on today.             |
| High           | Suggests the finding is something your team should act on this week.         |
| Medium         | Suggests the finding should be reviewed sometime this month.                 |
| Low            | Suggests the finding is informational or part of a scheduled review process. |

#### Change the severity level

You can change the severity level for a finding at any time in case the default assignment does not suit your environment:

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com), go to **CASB** > **Posture**.

> 2. Find the finding you want to modify and select **Manage**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to the finding you want to modify and select **Manage**.
```
Trying to avoid using "find" to avoid duplication, as the feature itself is called "finding".

3. In the severity level drop-down menu, choose your desired setting (_Critical_, _High_, _Medium_, or _Low_).

The new severity level will only apply to the posture finding within this specific integration. If you added multiple integrations of the same application, the other integrations will not be impacted by this change.

## Content findings

Content findings include instances of potential data exposure as identified by [DLP](/cloudflare-one/policies/data-loss-prevention/).

> To view details about the content findings that CASB found:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view details about the content findings that CASB has identified:
```

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com), go to **CASB** > **Content**.
2. Choose **SaaS** or **Cloud**.
3. To view details about a finding, select the finding's name.

CASB will display details about your content finding, including the file name, a link to the file, matching DLP profiles, associated integration, and date detected.

AWS users can configure a [compute account](/cloudflare-one/applications/casb/casb-integrations/aws-s3/#compute-account) to scan for data security resources within their S3 resources.

## View shared files

File findings for some integrations (such as [Microsoft 365](/cloudflare-one/applications/casb/casb-integrations/microsoft-365/#file-sharing) and [Box](/cloudflare-one/applications/casb/casb-integrations/box/#file-sharing)) may link to an inaccessible file. To access the actual shared file:

<Tabs> <TabItem label="Posture finding">

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com), go to **CASB** > **Posture**.
2. Choose **SaaS** or **Cloud**.

> 3. Find the individual finding, then select **Manage**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to the individual finding, then select **Manage**.
```

4. In **Active Instances**, select the file name.
5. In **Shared Links**, select the linked file instance.

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="Content finding">

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com), go to **CASB** > **Content**.
2. Choose **SaaS** or **Cloud**.
3. Select the file name of the detected asset.
4. In **Sharing details**, select the linked file instance.

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Hide findings

After reviewing your findings, you may decide that certain posture findings are not applicable to your organization. Cloudflare CASB allows you to remove findings or individual instances of findings from your list of active issues. CASB will continue to scan for these issues, but any detections will appear in a separate tab.

### Hide a finding

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com), go to **CASB** > **Posture**.

> 2. Find the active finding you want to hide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to the active finding you want to hide.
```
